a dogs or luxa is the space to grow
Banos use environmental enrichment
as a way of balance and well-being of
animals
Because They Are Urban Dogs Are The Dogs
of modern big cities
dogs living in urban centers
Cande apartment yard wedge but
dogs living in an urban environment
O
What is environmental enrichment is you?
enter a very space the dog
He spends most of the time elements
simple original creatives that
make it possible for the dog to express
their natural behavior
dog behavior
why this concept of enrichment
environment is important because it is cool
Your dog's fun
throughout the day it gets much
happy more balanced much more
chilled out
huh